we don't have a choice to go
Oh
in the
giant inflatable yeah it's blown up
I don't know what they're having over
here
yeah it's perfect to go get some game
touring Nestle now I found out what it
was we got my mushroom fishing and look
at his stamp open your sandbox ipad2 now
we want to see your snap hook and they
have this hat bigger than to you the
worst stamp ever how could they be all
ginger this is your chance to discover
some of the never-before-seen the new
universe it's a place of kailash that
means and rivers but also tolerant
cities
Sakura see Michael
you were probably trying to kill me if I
according to you
oh yeah
Oh
dapple do
what forgiveness
why isn't letting me click x I want to
see my Pokemon what the heck why is it
be working
ok
absolutely let's go to this game ok this
would actually bro
I love this morning of seizures so Jeff
seniors don't play pokemon this demo on
the side for the record you can see me
huh
with the top
okay all around not sure if they're
supposed to get in
oh it's summer now
oh whatever you
ok
and we won 1 out of the like you spin a
wheel so I won this
and they are these bags that are cool
and chilly the friend